Up until this point, we've already been looking at externally owned accounts.
In the last concept, you called the balance of
an externally owned account and the return value looks similar to this.
We'll skip walking through this again,
and instead try a couple more things you might be interested in.
Feel free to grab another account balance if you'd like to follow along.
As I mentioned, in some cases,
we might prefer to have the value of Ethereum
returned to us rather than the value of Wei.
In this case, we can use the web3.utils library to make this conversion.
To do this, pass the account balance into the web3.utils.fromWei function like this.
The fromWei function will convert any value from
Wei into the denomination you specify in the second value.
In this case, I specified Ether.
So, what I get back is the account balance in Ether.
Great, that was quick.
So, let's try one more.
Let's say we wanted the transaction count of this account.
Going through the documentation,
I found a function named getTransactionCount in the web3.eth module.
You can use the callback function as they show you just like before,
but I thought it might be interesting to show you a different way to do it.
We can also do this using.then..then is another way to return a promise using JavaScript.
If we use this to console.log the result,
we'll get back the transaction count when we first run
the command rather than needing to call the variable afterwards.
So, I'll run this now,
and what I get back is the number of transactions this account has completed.
So, there's two more functions you can call to get data from externally owned accounts.
At this point, you're hopefully comfortable
enough to just start going through documentation,
digging around, and seeing the type of data you'd like to grab for yourself.
From there, try it in your terminal and see how it works.